# Lightning Round
1. What was the most difficult part of the class for you? List a general topic, a specific problem, a kind of work we did, etc. and explain why.
> The most difficult part of the class for me has been functions and simulations. I have always struggled with conceptualizing simualtions. The aspects of R that are most difficult for me are the parts that are the most different from SAS. The programming window itslef took a while for me to get used to. It's a bit more "busier" looking than SAS and JAVA. I have also found it difficult to become familar with the package, function, and key word names.. there is so much to remember! Sicne there is not a central naming system, it's difficult to grasp the langauge. Another difficult thing for me has been motivation. As the semester has progressed, I have become more motivated since I am now using R at my internship. I have have also been struggling with wokring 35 hours a week and balancing class; while it has become a little more managable, I am stil learning. 
2. What was the easiest part of the class for you? Explain why
> Theeasiest part of this class has been collaboaring with others and aksing questions when I need to. I feel that the environment created in Gather made it easy to collaborate and discuss questions with peers. I have felt very comfortable to express my conerns, questions, and thoughts. 
3. What part of the class surprised or interested you the most? Explain why.
> It has surpised me how much you can really do in R and how different it is from SAS. I guess I thought R would be more simialr than SAS. I am also suprised that I like the online format of the class. Coding alone on my couch is a lot less stresful than doing it in a classroom! I have really enjoyed the team aspect in Gather, I defietely prefer it to Zoom. The thing that has intersted me the most is the graphics and all the custimizations you can make. SAS lacks a but in cool graphics and I have really enjoyed getting to be more creative in R. 
4. Give one piece of advice to a student just beginning a semester of STA 418/518 that will help them be successful in learning.
> I would advise incoming students to do the primers and pre class work well-before class. Unfortauntely with my work schedule, I find muself doing the pre class activities a few hours beffore class and this doesn't allow me to have much time for the inforamtion to sink in before attending class. Additaionlly, I would suggest that students take time outside of class to research and learn about the specific things in R that interst them. I have found it especially fun to look into the vizulizations that are possible in R. 
